Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 11, 2019

Definitions

The Complex Data Collective ("us," "we," or "our") is the creator and owner of the Network Canvas suite of tools ("the Software"), which includes Network Canvas, Server, and Architect. This document informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Software.
 
By using the Software, you acknowledge your acceptance of the information management practices in accordance with this policy.


Information Collection and Use

No Personal Information will be collected, transmitted, or stored by the Software at any time. This includes participant data collected as part of a study, as well as interaction or analytics data.


Security

Data transmitted between Network Canvas and Server are encrypted using a symmetric encryption algorithm called Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) which secures its integrity before transmission. Once the data are encrypted, they are sent securely to Server using Transport Layer Security (TLS).


Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
 
We do not use cookies or other tracking tokens of any kind within the Software.


Changes to This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 1st 2016 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
 
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Software after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through by placing a prominent notice within the Software


Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing developers@coda.co.
 

